Renames staging env to sandbox (#10)
ArcadiaPower/utility-connect-react: README.md

Determines which API the Utility Connect front-end points to

- `local`: Use this if you are interfacing with a local API. **You will almost never need this option.**

> - `sandbox`: This references our sandbox API. Use this in your development and staging environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandbox`: This references our sandbox API. Use this in your development, staging or test environments.
```
